So, so we have to talk about what is the ratings.
Favorite character?
mmh
I can never choose.
oh wait well let's let's stay with both the
um...
Yeah, for now.
So, strictly, strictly Lothlorien not Hobbit.
Gandalf? uh... I think, actually...
Well, my family's asked me so many times about my favorite character.
I've never like been able to decide, but right now I feel like...
it actually might be Aragorn.
I found out I have the same personality type as him. So I was like, oh.
Okay, and I think he's become
more of the favorite, since then.
Yeah.
Aww, that's cute! It's...
Yeah, he's so cute!
Yeah.
He loves to begin...
Yes.
yeah
mmm-hmm
Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah.
Yeah... yeah. The bittersweet ending.
Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah. Yeah...
After they come back?
They sent them in to the shire. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah. Yeahhh
Yeah, yeah. It actually cut a lot of scene.
I think they'll need a whole like one more movie to cover that though.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Where they come back.
Yes, they could definitely do that.
Yeah.
Uh... Uh-huh... Oh really?
Uh-huh.
To three movies! Yeah...
Yeah.
Just for the, the, the ending part, yeah. I think...
Really? I didn't know that.
mmm-hmm
Yeah, I like the movie better than the book, too, for The Hobbit.
Yeah, because...
Yeah.
I think Tolkien wrote it really for like a children's audience.
He actually didn't like the way he talked to the audience in The Hobbit.
So I, I don't know, he might have liked the movie. That's what I think.
Yeah...
Out of the three Lord of the Rings books, do you have a favorite Shawgo.
Ohhh. Yeah.
Yeah, I said the same thing last time.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And they have to cut it.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. That was really long to publish in one volume.
yeah
Yeah, yeah. it's also the shortest.
mmm-hmm
Like, there's Sam! He's the same height as everybody else!
I know!
I think Woodlawn this one uh...
I don't think so.
Yeah.
Aww... I didn't know.
Yeah. I think I have heard of that one.
Is that a movie? I don't , I don't think we've seen it but that kind of movie.
Uh-huh. uh uh uh Ohhh
Ohhh
Uh-huh. Uh-huh.
hmmm
Uh-huh.
Ohhh...
Yeah. Oh, Really? Aww.
Yeah, it's true. He's like...